The script mlstest.sh is designed to test the enforcement of a few basic rules
of the MAC_MLS policy:
	You can't read above your level.
	You can't write below your level.
(Please excuse the use of 'above' and 'below' as shortcuts for the dominate
relationship.)  The tests are intended to show that a few of the commonly
used file system calls are performing correctly.

The script must be run from an xterm window.  One must start the X server.
Use the Finder to open the Applications folder and then the Utilities folder.
Start the X11 utility.  After several seconds an xterm window will appear.

Run the getpmac command in the xterm window to get the  security label for
the process.  It should be mls/low(low-high).  The range must be (low-high)
for the script to run correctly.

Execute the script without any parameters.  It will create a test directory
(/mlstestdir), copy itself into the test directory, and create several child
processes at different security classifications to create and modify files
in the test directory.  The expected behavior is specified in the script and
is displayed to the xterm windows as well.

Within the script two things are done to make it easier for the developer/
tester to try things out, and to debug script malfunctions.  The xterm windows
are all started with the -hold option which causes the window to persist
when the script terminates, either normally or abnormally.  This is primarily
used to debug the script when it abnormally terminates, but could be used to
examine the output.  The script also executes a bash shell at the end of the
script for each of the child processes.  This permits the developer/tester
to try additional commands at each of the security classifications.  Either
of these can be removed.  If both are removed the xterm windows will disappear
immediately upon termination.  If both are to be removed, it may be preferable
to avoid the use of xterm windows altogether, and simply create child processes
that log their output to files.

The scrollbars on the xterm windows are not particularly easy to use.  The
only ways I have found to use the mouse on them at all is:
	Middle button can be used to drag the bar.
	Left button can be clicked below the bar to page down.
	Right button can be clicked above the bar to scroll up one line.
I believe these problems are general problems on Panther and are not specific
to our system.


